# ClusteringDBGenerator
This package contains the code to generate random databases in Spark and Scala for the use of clustering algorithms. Each of the resulting clusters is clearly differentiated from the rest thanks to a Gaussian distribution that follows each of them. These datasets are generated by entering various input parameters, such as the number of clusters, number of relevant attributes, number of attributes dummies, etc. All of them will be explained later. In addition, each instance will possess the information of the cluster to which each one of them belongs.
## Getting Started
The package includes the following Scala files:
* DBObject: Scala Object that contains the method that generate the datasets.
* MainDBCreator: Scala main class ready to generate the synthetic dataset.
* Utils: Scala object that includes some helpful methods.
### Prerequisites
The package is ready to be used. You only have to download it and import it into your workspace. The main files include an example main that could be used.
## Execution
The variables that must be modified for the correct operation of the generator are the following:
* features: Set the number of relevant attributes of the dataset.
* dummies: Set the number of relevant attributes of the dataset. The total number of columns will be the sum of this value and the number of features previously set.
* tags: Set the number of different tags could have been in the Gaussian distribution.
* K: Set the number of clusters of the dataset. This number will be less than or equal to the number of tags elevated to the square previously established.
* minimumPoints: Set the minimum number of points for each cluster of the dataset.
* maximumPoints: Set the maximum number of points for each cluster of the dataset. Each of the clusters will have a random number of points between this value and the previously set value.
* deviation: Set the standard deviation for each cluster into the Gaussian distribution.
* destination: Set the path to the saved destination for the dataset.
## Result
By default, result dataset are saved in the folder set in the "destination" parameter or in the project's default path. Result are named "K[Clusters]-N[Features]-D[Dummies]-I[(minimumPoints-maximumPoints)]-DateTime" that contains part-00000 file.
## Contributors
* José David Martín-Fernández.
* José María Luna-Romera.
* José C. Riquelme Santos.
* Beatriz Pontes Balanza.
